[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the season 3 episode
5 recap of killing Eve I apologize in
advance for butchering the pronunciation
of any Russian names of phrases or
things and as always there will be
spoilers so proceed with caution we kick
off this week's villanelle exclusive
episode in Mother Russia our girl is
finally home and we watch as she walks
through the dirt roads of a small rural
town called for is met then without
alerting anyone to her presence
villanelle strolls into a cozy little
house and takes a look around on the
walls we see photos of a woman who bears
a striking resemblance to villanelle and
as villanelle continues her exploration
a young boy walks in and asked who she
is she evades the question and soon the
boy's father half brother and half
brother's girlfriend join them but
villanelle still refuses to tell them
her name just as the group are
contemplating calling the police
a young man walks in and immediately
recognizes villanelle it's pyotr
villanelles younger brother we are then
introduced to the rest of the family the
little boy is Borka villanelles Elton
John obsessed half-brother and the two
men Grigory and Fyodor are her
stepfather and stepbrother and EULA is
Theodore's of vapid girlfriend there's
only one person missing from the family
reunion and that's Tatiana villanelles
mother when a car pulls up outside water
Patel's villanelle it's Tatiana and are
normally fearless assassin panics and
searches the house for a means of escape
but it's too late Tatiana is home
she takes one look at villanelle cries
and runs to embrace the child she
thought was long dead villanelle and her
mother catch up and we finally began to
unravel the Enigma that is villanelles
past it seems that when villanelle was a
child
tatyana left her but not Pyotr at an
orphanage with the intention of coming
back for her in a month's time but
villanelle being villanelle started a
fire at the orphanage and Tatiana was
told she perished in the fire we also
learned that villanelles a biological
father is dead but strangely there are
no pictures of him in the photo albums
that evening the entire family gather
around the dinner table to play what
seems to be a Russian version of the
game Clue Fyodor teases Pyotr and they
almost come to blows but Tatyana tells
puter to stop and he immediately sits
down like a well-behaved puppy vodka
then pulls out his feather boa and huge
glasses and the family unexpectedly
launch into a rousing sing-along of
Elton John's Crocodile Rock with Villa
del eventually joining in with esto the
next day villanelle finds po2 beating
his sofa to death with a piece of wood
out in the barn he tells her he hits the
sofa to keep from hitting people and
villanelle tells him he should just hit
people because you know she's a
psychopath they chat about the past with
pyotr admitting that he doesn't remember
their Woodworking father villanelle
reminisces about how strong and funny
their father was and how he taught her
how to fight
she also mentions how mean Tatiana used
to be but puter is quick to defend their
mother he doesn't deny that Tatiana was
mean but he counters that villanelle was
also mean Pyotr then takes a break from
his sofa beating and the two siblings go
out to lunch he's excited about the
upcoming Harvest Festival and explains
that whoever makes the best piroshki a
type of filled Russian pastry wins a
cash prize and with peter's help workout
will make his own piroshki in hopes of
winning
money to attend Elton John's farewell
tour in typical villanelle fashion she
dismisses her brother's excitement and
tells him he should leave this pathetic
little village but puter insists he
cannot leave their mother villanelle
believes that Tatiana only wants to
control peter and tells him that their
mother is a far from the saint everyone
believes her to be villanelle is back
home chilling with the family and after
having a brain numbing conversation with
flat earther and Illuminati aficionado
of Fyodor she goes outside and has a
chat with her stepfather Grigory
they discussed Tatiana and villanelle
once again insists that her mother used
to be a very different person but before
she can fully get her point across
Tatiana pops up with a cup of tea for
glory not long after Tatiana graciously
gifts villanelle a hideous bedazzled
denim jumpsuit from the 80s and
villanelle thanks her and tells her she
loves it it's time for the Harvest
Festival and everyone is enjoying the
festivities villanelle perhaps most of
all poor Ibuka loses the poorest key
competition and villanelle watches from
afar as tatiana comforts him villanelle
goes on to win the festival's dung
throwing competition but keeps a
watchful eye on her mother as evening
sets in EULA's terrible terrible dance
troupe performs and villanelle sits
beside little bro Borka who immediately
begins smacking himself on the forehead
alarmed villanelle tells him that not
winning the parasha key competition
isn't a big deal
besides he can watch Elton John's tour
on YouTube what that insists that it is
deeper than that he is an embarrassment
and has failed the family villanelle
tells him he's being silly but he's
insistent after all that's what their
mother told him after he lost villanelle
ven stares intensely at the dancing
Tatiana as sinister music begins to play
it's late and villanelle is in the
kitchen chopping Tomatoes for absolutely
no
reason when Tatyana comes downstairs
villanelle turns around revealing she
has used tomato paste to create false
bloody tears after a somewhat weird
exchange in which villanelle asked
Tatiana to clean her face because she
wants to feel like a child again
Tatiana demands that villanelle leaved
telling her she is not a part of the
family and does not belong they have an
argument about which of them is the most
evil with villanelle insisting that the
darkness inside of her comes directly
from Tatiana we then discover why
villanelle was left at the orphanage
Tatiana claims it was because
villanelles father was afraid of her
convinced villanelle would hurt them but
villanelle doesn't buy it because it
soon becomes apparent just how jealous
Tatiana was of her own daughter Tatiana
curses the darkness and villanelle
believing it was the reason villanelle
was able to exert so much control over
her father and why he would do anything
for his daughter it's apparent Tatiana
was never afraid of villanelle after all
darkness doesn't fear itself villanelle
demands that Tatiana admit they are two
sides of the same coin
but Tatiana refuses so villanelle does
what she does best she kills her mother
villanelle douses the house with
gasoline and blows it up sparing only
Borka and pewter and even leaves vodka
with enough money to attend Elton John's
farewell tour the last shot we see is
villanelle on the train leaving behind
both the Griezmann and her dead mother
she's decked out and her mother's a
dazzled denim outfit and after a series
of emotions flash across her face only
one seems to remain at the end and that
is it for the recap thank you guys so
much for watching tell me did you guys
like this villanelle only episode and
what do you think happened to
villanelles father did Tatiana kill him
and between villanelle and her mother
who is the evilest of all let me know in
the comments and if you like this video
do me a favor and smash the thumbs up
button I'll see you next week